one of my favorite creations you know I
travel all over the world to find wood
that's my passion it's a great job to
have sometimes you know it takes a long
time takes you to places all over the
world which you can't believe you ever
would go but I found this one with a
friend of mine axel grow who helped me
with this project what we have here is
the n cuts drum set now I want you to
focus on this do you realize how cool
this is do you understand how cool this
is because I know it's not for everybody
but why did we do it because we can
watch out I'll make a coconut drum set
next year something crazy but this is
the end cut drum set this comes from the
end of the log when you cut the log from
the end you place all the pieces down on
the wood like this you get these
beautiful creations there's so much work
that goes into this finish this is
walnuts maybe next year I do maple maybe
the year after that I do birch but this
year is my walnut creation get a good
picture of that
so as you can see it's not your average
drum set this is not your grandfather's
drum set this is a really fun cool thing
so what I want to tell you is that we
are having a lot of fun here at the
Music meza 2013 and I'm so proud to be
part of the Gabe accrue DW is proud to
have this association and to bring these
beautiful instruments to you and I hope
you've enjoyed our time together and
watch out for the next thing we're going
to do don't forget about the cherrywood
youtube videos coming out with mick
fleetwood you're going to love this
whole thing check out our site you know
at drum workshop calm and I look forward
to seeing you in Italy very very soon
I'll be there soon you take care we love
you